.TH stash 1 "20 May 2018" "Version 0.1.0"

.SH NAME

stash - simple symlink manager.

.SH SYNOPSIS

.B stash 
.R [-\fBh\fR] [-\fBDfv\fR] [-\fBt \fItarget\fR]
.I dir \fR...

.SH DESCRIPTION 

.B stash
symlinks the entire contents of a 
.I source
directory to some
.I target
directory.

The subdirectory structure of the 
.I source
is copied to the 
.I target
directory.
This makes 
.B stash
suited to linking user configuration files stored in version controlled
repositories to directories that might also be populated by application data.

.SH OPTIONS

.TP 
.B -h
Display this man page, if available. Otherise print a usage message.

.TP 
.B -v
Verbose mode. Prints which package files are linked or removed.

.TP 
.B -f
Force the removal of target files before linking.

.TP 
.B -D
Delete target links rather than create them. When
.B -f
is set, remove target files (even non-links). Subdirs in the target are
removed only if they are empty.

.TP 
.B -t \fItarget
Specify a target directory into which source files will be linked. 
Defaults to
.B $STASH_TARGET
if this is set else the parent of the current directory.

.SH ENVIRONMENT

.TP
.B STASH_TARGET 
Default
.I target
when none is passed via the
.B -t
option. If not set in the environment, defaults to the parent of the
current directory.

.SH EXAMPLES

.HP
.B stash \fIpkg 

Link the files in the 
.I pkg
dir to the parent of the current directory.

.HP
.B stash -f -t \fI~ ~/dotfiles ~/private_dotfiles

Link the public / private user configuration files stored in the
.I ~/dotfiles
and 
.I ~/private_dotfiles
repositories into the user's
.I $HOME
dir. 
An existing
.B ~/.bashrc
will be replaced with a link to
.B ~/dotfiles/.bashrc
provided the latter file exists.
Since the 
.B -f
flag is set, a stack priority is used. That is, the files in
.I ~/private_dotfiles
have priority over those in
.I ~/dotfiles\fR.

.SH SEE ALSO

.TP 
.B stow
A more feature rich symlink manager written in perl
(https://www.gnu.org/software/stow/).

.TP 
.B stowsh 
A bash port of 
.B stow
that seeks more feature parity than
.B stash
(https://github.com/williamsmj/stowsh).
